README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Felipe</h1>
<h3 align="center">I am passionate Developer</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=felipecastillo-b&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="felipecastillo-b" /> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Open Codex](https://github.com/Open-Codex/)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Next.js, Express, TypeScript, PostgreSQL and CP with C++ and Java**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at my [Portfolio](https://portfolio-felipecastillo.vercel.app/)

- 📫 How to reach me **felipecastillo.snk@gmail.com** or **hardcode.contacto@gmail.com** 

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>

  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
  ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-black?style=flat-square&logo=linux)
  ![Obsidian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-black?style=flat-square&logo=obsidian)
  ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-black?style=flat-square&logo=postman)
  ![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-black?style=flat-square&logo=vsc)
  ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-black?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-black?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb)
  ![Mysql](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mysql-black?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-black?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite)
  ![NextJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NextJS-black?style=flat-square&logo=next.js)
  ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-black?style=flat-square&logo=express)
  ![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Typescript-black?style=flat-square&logo=typescript)
  ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-black?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk)
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-black?style=flat-square&logo=python)
  ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-black?style=flat-square&logo=gnubash&&logoColor=%23FFFFFF)


<p align="center">&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=felipecastillo-b&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=github_dark" alt="felipecastillo-b" /></p>

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=felipecastillo-b&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=github_dark" alt="felipecastillo-b" /></p>

<h3 align="center">Support:</h3>
<p align="center"><a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/felipecastillo"> <img align="center" src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" height="50" width="210" alt="felipecastillo" /></a></p><br><br>

Commit message:

Update README with new opportunities section
Added a section about looking for new opportunities.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Felipe</h1>
<h3 align="center">I am passionate Developer</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=felipecastillo-b&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="felipecastillo-b" /> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Open Codex](https://github.com/Open-Codex/)

- 💼 **I’m looking for new opportunities!** Feel free to reach out if you're looking for a developer to join your project or team. I'm open to both freelance and full-time roles.

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Next.js, Express, TypeScript, PostgreSQL and CP with C++ and Java**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at my [Portfolio](https://portfolio-felipecastillo.vercel.app/)

- 📫 How to reach me **felipecastillo.snk@gmail.com** or **hardcode.contacto@gmail.com** 

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>

  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
  ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-black?style=flat-square&logo=linux)
  ![Obsidian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-black?style=flat-square&logo=obsidian)
  ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-black?style=flat-square&logo=postman)
  ![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-black?style=flat-square&logo=vsc)
  ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-black?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-black?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb)
  ![Mysql](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mysql-black?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
  ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-black?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite)
  ![NextJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NextJS-black?style=flat-square&logo=next.js)
  ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-black?style=flat-square&logo=express)
  ![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Typescript-black?style=flat-square&logo=typescript)
  ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-black?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk)
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-black?style=flat-square&logo=python)
  ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-black?style=flat-square&logo=gnubash&&logoColor=%23FFFFFF)


<p align="center">&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=felipecastillo-b&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=github_dark" alt="felipecastillo-b" /></p>

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=felipecastillo-b&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=github_dark" alt="felipecastillo-b" /></p>

<h3 align="center">Support:</h3>
<p align="center"><a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/felipecastillo"> <img align="center" src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" height="50" width="210" alt="felipecastillo" /></a></p><br><br>
